## Project Assignment Recommendation
## Author: Oscar Brown
## Date: March 4, 2018

## Messaging Application
This app, at its core, is a messaging service built for smartphones, relying on internet connection or mobile phone data. Cheaper than service provided SMS services, some chat apps operate on low cost subscription models but the most of them are free. This chat app has salient features to draw in new users, and has good functionality. Functionality will include realtime connectivity, push notification, and group chat. Realtime connectivity will allow instant messaging, real time connectivity is the preferred medium because message delivery happens promptly and immediately, without any distance barriers, making users feel closer to each other. Push notification will allow to be alarted and notified 24/7 depending on users preference in setting. This app will further allow users to connect with other users through the facilitation of group conversations, where they can also share multimedia files.

## Health Assessment Application

The overall idea is a health assess application with a GUI. Once the user opens the app the page will ask the user “What is your current energy level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being low,5 being medium, 10 being max).” Second the user is asked “What is your current Soreness level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being little,5 being average, 10 being high).”  Third user is asked “How much sleep did you get last night? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being bad,5 being average, 10 being good).” Fourth the user is asked “What is your current Stress level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being bad,5 being average, 10 being excellent).” The last prompt will ask the user to answer “how they performed today? (on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being bad, 5 being average, 10 being the best.” Upon answering all the Five questions, depending on the answers the user submits the application will return an appraisal or a suggestion of actions that can be taken to improve health. This tool can be used before and after performance. Information being submitted will be saved in a database to measure how an athlete’s health is affecting their performance. Total cumulation of data will be available daily and weekly for the coach or athlete to review. This will allow the coach or athlete to evaluate and modify training plans effectively.

