## Project Assignment Recommendation
## Author: Oscar Brown
## Date: March 4, 2018

Introduction
The project idea I chose is a health assessment tool or “Health Assess 360”. There are many factors that affects an athlete’s performance weather it’s at training, practice or game situation. Primary factors are energy level, sleep, soreness level, and stress level. I believe that athletes can use this tool to assess how these factors are affecting their performance and coaches can make better informed decisions during practices or game situations. This application is inspired by a Microsoft News article I read titled, “The Seattle Seahawks use data and sports science to help players work as hard t recovery as they do on the field.”

General Idea
The overall idea is a health assess application with a GUI. Once the user opens the app the page will ask the user “What is your current energy level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being low,5 being medium, 10 being max).” Second the user is asked “What is your current Soreness level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being little,5 being average, 10 being high).”  Third user is asked “How much sleep did you get last night? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being bad,5 being average, 10 being good).” Fourth the user is asked “What is your current Stress level? Enter a number between 1 to 10 into the textbox (1 being bad,5 being average, 10 being excellent).” The last prompt will ask the user to answer “how they performed today? (on a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 being bad, 5 being average, 10 being the best.” Upon answering all the Five questions, depending on the answers the user submits the application will return an appraisal or a suggestion of actions that can be taken to improve health. This tool can be used before and after performance. Information being submitted will be saved in a database to measure how an athlete’s health is affecting their performance. Total cumulation of data will be available daily and weekly for the coach or athlete to review. This will allow the coach or athlete to evaluate and modify training plans effectively.

Potential Additional 
Though the application is more focused on the athletes input, there is potential to creates another application that will allow the coach to submit their assessment of how the athlete has performed on a daily or weekly basis. The coaches or trainers input will then be compared to the information the athletes have submitted. By comparing the information, the coach or trainer can establish better training plans and better advise athletes on resources available to better their health to perform at their optimal level during competitions.

Conclusion
This project though appears simple, can have a large impact on how athletes assess their health and how coaches or trainers can use the information to optimize performance from each individual during competition.